Welcome to the summary of the fifth day
in the league of promotion of Mexican football against the golds of sinaloa
against the pumas morelos here we see the painting that directs
and here are the local players destroyed
for a little public
let's see if people are encouraged
to go more often to the banorte he greeted the coaches all the attention of the
coins that will be decisive in the game starts the first match
option for the purple set and is confident of Nestor the center
appears adalberto oaks did not manage to nod I miss the first the
golden attention seems to be good sergio quiroz to coin the hand
by hand to bolt
there is the first score of the sinaloa dorados minute 4
of the encounter the celebration in guárico with sebastián matos it is necessary to remember that
this carpenter could not mark because there was the Uruguayan great pass from sergio
quiroz
Hector Fabián Coins
outside the first goal of the championship for
the charrúa won the purple one by zero next action another chance
for the local box
the escape scholarship coins
if he falls asleep there in the small area
attention with this one that is going to be good
if it comes
césar sanchez by the left sector was removed 1
takes off two
with permission will take the right hand goes over the arch of adriano cougars
first approximation of the cougars
Raymundo Torres Quevedo
finish will end the first time
more than I get to the banorte
these are the songs
in the second part attention will recover car experts
the time in cortito paraguay lempiras
the right to play it
took advantage of the rebound dante garay who marks dyn
one to one on the minute 54 scoreboard an integrated dance and all party celebration
of the visitor set will be tendered the time for more
leave the right
spit the ball
have it dante garay
they appear and margall the goal of the draw as the newspaper the world 54
attention with this man that is going to be very important
in the development of the party Friday by goal de mochis
attention with this one that is also going to be
important rubén garcía first
the medical prescription for the midfielder
in the golds of sinaloa attention with eta reinaldo towers by the sector
left comes with the center
Hector Coins
the ball goes over me to show me the score very even
and attention with that
It was said in Miami
when for two the minute marker 65 regrets ricardo stripes let's see the
repetition
there are people who hooked in
Spherical bouncing
in the right leg of climber tomás adriano
he does not know the play
hence the golf and this one
well deserved the second yellow card for rubén garcía that is going to
to be expelled
the game just at minute 68
to leave the sinaloa golds with ten players
golds of sinaloa
you have to remember that this man already failed
let's see how everything drives perfect last week
it seemed that the two were going to recover
the people in the gallery celebrating
encouraging the coach ricardo stripes we see the repercussion
well the collection
let's see the repetition
the goal had passed the ball very well sebastián matos opened here we are going to
see the repetition with more tranquility
by groups and if this is the case
for the first time in the tournament
this is going to be the last of the pumas morelos the zapatazo
the match will end
the referee says this is not over, they will win
the gilts of sinaloa imprisoned
if you are and the elite
and that is the best
nationwide and won the equivalent if we did we would say more efficient
so that he trusts us and that is impossible
rivero also a lot of talent and experience and is that the German teacher
the adjustment of public investment in the modality of 400 concessions but the
people who trusted that they want it
well the ftse 100